docs: Updating examples for consistency (#378)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/examples/README.md

You'll need to find the link to open the UI in the Docker logs:
![docker](assets/docker.png)

# Using components

Get started by importing the `deephaven.ui` package as `ui`:

```python
from deephaven import ui
```

The `ui` package contains many _components_, which you can display in the UI:

```python
hello_world = ui.heading("Hello World!")
```

![Basic Hello World example.](assets/hello_world.png)

By assigning the component to the `hello_world` variable, it was displayed in the UI in a panel named `hello_world`.

## Handling events

Write functions to handle events. To write a button that will print event details to the console when clicked:

```python
my_button = ui.button("Click Me!", on_press=lambda e: print(f"Button was clicked! {e}"))
```

![Whenever the button is pressed, event details are printed to the console.](assets/handling_events.png)

> ## Creating custom components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating components
```

> Use the `@ui.component` decorator to create your own custom components. We can display a heading above a button as our custom custom component:

Reviewer: A once sentence explanation of the decorator would be nice. Something like:

"This tells deephaven to render the value return from the function as a component, and re-render whenever a state or prop changes."

```python
@ui.component
def ui_foo_bar():
    return [
        ui.heading("Click button below"),
        ui.button("Click Me!", on_press=lambda: print("Button was clicked!")),
    ]

foo_bar = ui_foo_bar()
```

![Custom component being displayed.](assets/foo_bar.png)

## Using state

> Often, you'll want to react to the button presses and update the display. For example, to count the number of times a button has been pressed, use `ui.use_state` to introduce a _state variable_ in your custom component:

Reviewer: "Often, you'll want to"

Do we use "you" etc in our writing? I thought not. We could have @margaretkennedy review grammer.

Reviewer 2: The Community docs use "you" (not the reference documentation). It seems ok to use a conversational tone in the README.

## Sharing state

In the previous example, the two buttons incremented their counter independently. State was stored within the counter components:

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2

    state c1 {
        count=1
    }

    state c2 {
        count=3
    }
```

What if we wanted to have two buttons share the same count? To do this, we move the state `count` upward to a parent component:

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    c1: ui_controlled_counter
    c2: ui_controlled_counter

    ui_shared_state --> c1 : count=4
    ui_shared_state --> c2 : count=4

    state ui_shared_state {
        count=4
    }
```

In the example below, we create a parent component `ui_shared_state` that contains the state, and then passes the state down into two `ui_controlled_counter` components. Now the buttons will always be in sync:

```python
@ui.component
def ui_controlled_counter(count, on_press):
    return ui.button(f"Pressed {count} times", on_press=on_press)

@ui.component
def ui_shared_state():
    count, set_count = ui.use_state(0)

    def handle_press():

>         set_count(count + 1)

Reviewer: Maybe the classic increment/decrement example would fit better here?

Author: Changed it up a bit, let me know what you think.

```

![Whenever the button is pressed, event details are printed to the console.](assets/handling_events.png)

## Creating components

Use the `@ui.component` decorator to create your own custom components. This decorator wraps the function provided as a Deephaven component. For more details on the architecture, see [TODO: Link to architecture]().

We can display a heading above a button as our custom custom component:

```python
@ui.component
def ui_foo_bar():
    return [
        ui.heading("Click button below"),
        ui.button("Click Me!", on_press=lambda: print("Button was clicked!")),
    ]

foo_bar = ui_foo_bar()
```

![Custom component being displayed.](assets/foo_bar.png)

## Using state

Often, you'll want to react to the button presses and update the display. For example, to count the number of times a button has been pressed, use `ui.use_state` to introduce a _state variable_ in your custom component:

```python
@ui.component
def ui_counter():
    count, set_count = ui.use_state(0)
    # ...
```

Returned from `ui.use_state` is a tuple with two values: the current state (`count`), and a function to update that state (`set_count`).

> The first time the button is displayed, the count will be `0` because that's the initial value you passed into `ui.use_state`. Call `set_count` when you want to update the state:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first time the button is displayed, the count will be `0` because that is the initial value passed into `ui.use_state`. Call `set_count` to update the state:
```

```python
@ui.component
def ui_counter():
    count, set_count = ui.use_state(0)
    return ui.button(f"Pressed {count} times", on_press=lambda: set_count(count + 1))
```

> When state is updated, deephaven.ui will call your component again to re-render with the new value. After clicking once it will re-render with `count` set to `1`, then set to `2`, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When state is updated, deephaven.ui will call your component again to re-render with the new value. After clicking once, it will re-render with `count` set to `1`, then set to `2`, and so on.
```

> Each individual component has it's own state:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each individual component has its own state:
```

```python
@ui.component
def ui_counter():
    count, set_count = ui.use_state(0)
    return ui.button(f"Pressed {count} times", on_press=lambda: set_count(count + 1))

c1 = ui_counter()
c2 = ui_counter()
```

> ![Each counter has it's own state.](assets/counter.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Each counter has its own state.](assets/counter.png)
```

Author: Wow can't believe I made that same mistake twice 😬

> [!NOTE]

> > Functions are prefixed with `use_` are called _hooks_. `use_state` is built-in to deephaven.ui, and there are other hooks built-in shown below. You can also create your own hooks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Functions prefixed with `use_` are called _hooks_. `use_state` is built in to deephaven.ui; other built-in hooks are shown below. You can also create your own hooks.
```

Author: "built-in" or "built in"? With your change there's both in this sentence now, and I'm seeing in core docs both as well. Not the biggest concern but I should be consistent within the same sentence 😄

Reviewer 2: In this case, one is a verb - "these hooks are built into Deephaven" - and one is an adjective - "built-in" hooks. These are distinctions grammar nerds live by!

> > Hooks are special functions. They must only be used at the _top_ of a `@ui.component` or another hook. If you want to use in a conditional or a loop, extract that logic to a new component and put it there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Hooks are special functions. They must only be used at the _top_ of a `@ui.component` or another hook. If you want to use one in a conditional or a loop, extract that logic to a new component and put it there.
```

## Sharing state

In the previous example, the two buttons incremented their counter independently. State was stored within the counter components:

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2

    state c1 {
        count=1
    }

    state c2 {
        count=3
    }
```

> What if we wanted to have two buttons share the same count? To do this, we move the state `count` upward to a parent component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What if we wanted to have two buttons share the same count? To do this, move the state `count` upward to a parent component:
```

    )

my_picker = ui_picker()
```

![Use a picker to select from a list of items](assets/picker.png)

## Form (two variables)

> You can have state with multiple different variables in one component. In this example, we have a [text field](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/TextField.html) and a [slider](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/Slider.html), and we display the values of both of them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can have state with multiple different variables in one component. This example creates a [text field](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/TextField.html) and a [slider](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/Slider.html), and we display the values of both of them.
```

    )

my_form = ui_form()
```

![Form with multiple inputs.](assets/form.png)

## Form with submit

> You can also create a form that user can click Submit on and react to that on a callback you specify. In this example, we create a [Form](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/forms.html) that takes a name and age, and when the user clicks Submit, the values entered in the form are sent to the user on the forms `on_submit` callback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also create a form on which the user can click **Submit** and react to that on a specified callback. In this example, we create a [Form](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/forms.html) that takes a name and age, and when the user clicks **Submit**, the values entered in the form are sent to the user on the form's `on_submit` callback.
```

> You can take input from a user to filter a table using the `where` method. In this example, we have a [text field](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/TextField.html) that takes input from the user, and we filter the table based on the input. By simply returning the table `t` from the component, it will be displayed in the UI (as if we had set it to a variable name).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
User input can filter a table using the `where` method. In this example, a [text field](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/TextField.html) takes input from the user, and we filter the table based on the input. Simply returning the table `t` from the component will display it in the UI (as if we had set it to a variable name).
```

    )

my_text_filter_table = ui_text_filter_table(stocks, "sym")
```

![Table with a text field for filtering.](assets/text_filter_table.png)

## Table with range filter

> You can also filter a table based on a range. In this example, we have a [range slider](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/RangeSlider.html) that takes input from the user, and we filter the table by price based on the input. By simply returning the table `t` from the component, it will be displayed in the UI (as if we had set it to a variable name).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also filter a table based on a range. In this example, a [range slider](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/RangeSlider.html) takes input from the user, and we filter the table by price based on the input. Simply returning the table `t` from the component will display it in the UI (as if we had set it to a variable name).
```

    )

my_range_table = ui_range_table(stocks, "size")
```

![Table with a slider for selecting the range.](range_table.png)

## Table with required filters

> In the previous example, we took a users input. But we didn't display anything if the user didn't enter any text. We can display a different message prompting the user for input if they haven't entered anything. We use a few new components in this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the previous example, we took a user's input. Nothing was displayed if the user didn't enter any text. Instead, we can display a different message prompting the user for input. We use a few new components in this example:
```

> We can use the `use_memo` hook to memoize a value. This is useful if you have a value that is expensive to compute, and you only want to compute it when the inputs change. In this example, we create a time table with a new column `y_sin` that is a sine wave. We use `use_memo` to memoize the time table, so that it is only re-computed when the inputs to the `use_memo` function change (in this case, the function is a lambda that takes no arguments, so it will only re-compute when the dependencies change, which is never). We then use the `update` method to update the table with the new column, based on the values inputted on the sliders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can use the `use_memo` hook to memoize a value. This is useful if you have a value that is expensive to compute and you only want to compute it when the inputs change. In this example, we create a time table with a new column, `y_sin,` which is a sine wave. We use `use_memo` to memoize the time table, so that it is only re-computed when the inputs to the `use_memo` function change (in this case, the function is a lambda that takes no arguments, so it will only re-compute when the dependencies change, which is never). We then use the `update` method to update the table with the new column, based on the values inputted on the sliders.
```

> You can use `ui.table` to add interactivity to a table, or give other instructions to the UI. Here's an example that will create two tables and a plot. The first table `t1` is an unfiltered view of the stocks table, with a row double-press listener so if you double-click on a row, it will filter the second table `t2` to only show that row and the plot to show that selected sym and exchange.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use `ui.table` to add interactivity to a table, or give other instructions to the UI. Here's an example that creates two tables and a plot. The first table, `t1`, is an unfiltered view of the stocks table, with a row double-press listener so if you double-click on a row, it will filter the second table, `t2`, to show that row only and the plot to show that selected sym and exchange.
```
